# No server

By default, the module provides a storage server that is abstracted by `useS3Object` composable. In some cases where no server is needed, it can be excluded by setting `server` config option to `false`. As a result, the built-in composables and endpoints are no longer available and the Unstorage instance can directly be used.

The drivers of the Unstorage instance are defined on `s3` mount point and therefore can be referenced via `useStorage('s3')`.

::alert
:icon{name="ph:check-circle" width="20px" height="20px" style="margin-right: 3px;" }
Note that the drivers can either be `s3` or `fs` and are configured via `driver` config option.
::

The `s3` [driver](https://github.com/becem-gharbi/nuxt-s3/blob/main/src/runtime/server/utils/s3Driver.ts) supports the following methods

- `getItem`/`getItemRaw` To retrieve KV or Binary data respectively. Note that the internal response headers can be retrieved from `headers` option.
- `setItem`/`setItemRaw` To upload KV or Binary data respectively. Note that the internal request headers can be extended by `headers` option. On `setItemRaw` it's recommended to set `Content-Length` and `Content-Type` headers as they may not be automatically resolved by the provider.
- `removeItem` To delete a single Object.
- `clear` To delete multiple Objects.
- `getMeta` To retrieve the user-defined metadata. Note that `setMeta` is not supported because metadata can only be set on upload (`setItem`/`setItemRaw`) via `meta` option.
- `getKeys` Gets the keys of objects in a specific folder.
- `hasItem` Checks if the object exists.
